it's not honesty I think it's not us
being play with the greatest sense of
urgency tonight and give Detroit credit
to playing very well this year but we
make it tough on them at all they're too
comfortable so when we go to lay down
Monday we're gonna come out and I don't
care what a man's record is play as far
as we can
would you see from stuff that's working
day
a little rust at first but uh that's
gonna happen it's really hard to just
get out the gate and then what you've
been doing for years but he obviously
picked it up the second half and was his
usual self and I expect him to be great
for the rest the road trip and Beyond
he's such an amazing talent I think I
need to speak on that but good play with
them does it take any time to find a
rhythm with
we just got back up in Alma
a lot really so good you can convince
him with insert him in any lineup any
system he's gonna throw we look at the
makeup of the Pistons people would say
they're built traditionally with two two
bigs obviously place Hispanics and the
three-point line but you see depending
on the matchups that come with that that
there could be a team that could make
some noise even though they are quote
unquote that's traditional team edition
make some noise we're in there today
[Music]
yeah but surely minutes December we're
doing this till June for four years now
and I'm not even looking that far ahead
I'm just trying to enjoy this Midwest
road trip like I said you see success
with the make up of achievement
yeah if they got a winning record
they're playing what do you say to a guy
like Jimmy young guy he's kind of taking
his man
stay with it I mean you're not gonna be
great in your first couple years you got
to develop as a player and just like me
just like everybody else
yeah that's about it I don't want the
same thing just all the different
combinations that Center how what have
you noticed a minute and Jordan and
Kevon kind of figure it out so far this
season all they're gonna get better and
better
[Music]
Kevon and JB got plenty of playoff
experience DJ's getting there so there's
gonna keep getting better like you 100%
wholeheartedly believe that all right
welcome